1 "braves beat astros 6 - 5 , set up atlanta finale houston ( reuters ) - adam laroche crushed a game - tying three - run homer and j.d. drew slapped a ninth - inning rbi single to give the braves a 6 - 5 comeback victory over the houston astros on sunday ."
3 how to take the perfect penalty a sports psychologist says how footballers should prepare themselves for the high - pressure penalties .
0 "aussie ruling party leads in election polls , but gap narrows the government of prime minister john howard had a narrow lead in opinion polls heading into the final week of campaigning ahead of the australian federal election , but the opposition labor party was narrowing the gap , according"
1 surrey poised to sign harbhajan surrey are waiting for approval from the board of control for cricket in india before announcing harbhajan singh as an overseas signing for 2005 .
1 "lokomotiv moscow captures league title moscow , russia ( sports network ) - lokomotiv moscow won the russian premier league championship on the final day of the season with a 2 - 0 victory over shinnik yaroslavl ."
1 british athletics appoint psychologist for 2008 olympics british athletics chiefs have appointed sports psychologist david collins as performance director to produce medal winners at the 2008 beijing olympics .
2 "spaniards to run luton airport after 551 m deal luton , cardiff and belfast international airports are to fall into the hands of a spanish toll motorways operator through a 551 m takeover of the aviation group tbi by a barcelona - based abertis infrastructure ."
0 "turkey unlikely to join eu before 2015 : commissioner verheugen ( afp ) afp - turkey is unlikely to join the european union before 2015 , eu enlargement commissioner guenter verheugen said in an interview ."
2 employees from 10 hotels locked out the san francisco multi - employer group announced this morning that it has locked out unite here local 2 employees from 10 hotels and staffed the vacated positions with replacement workers .
1 "venus gets revenge , mauresmo withdraws zurich , switzerland ( ticker ) - venus williams got a measure of revenge against karolina sprem of croatia at the swisscom challenge on tuesday ."
3 cisco to debut new router family internet hardware giant cisco systems is said to be preparing to launch a new family of routers that can manage both voice and data applications .
2 "vornado buys 4.3 pct . sears stake vornado realty trust said on friday it has acquired a 4.3 percent stake in the retailer sears , roebuck amp ; co .. sears # 39 ; stock rose as high as \$45 ."
3 "getting with the program microsoft , the behemoth redmond , wash. , software company lurking over the computing world , nov. 11 released a quot;beta , quot ; or test , version of its online search service ."
3 wonkette : blogs force quick action from major media plus : row brewing over peer - to - peer ads . news.com extra
1 anti - doping agency is boosted by ban of sprinter in balco case the united states anti - doping agency received an important validation yesterday in its attempt to punish athletes who were suspected of doping in the balco steroids scandal but who had not failed a drug test .
2 eisner says ovitz required oversight daily michael d. eisner appeared for a second day of testimony in the shareholder lawsuit over the lucrative severance package granted to michael s. ovitz .
3 cisco and microsoft partner for crm 8/24/2004 -- cisco systems yesterday announced a new customer relationship management ( crm ) communications connector for microsofts crm offering .
0 "uk can not hold suspects indefinitely ( officialwire ) -- 12/16/04 -- britain # 39;s highest court ruled thursday against holding terror suspects without trial , saying the government can not detain terror suspects indefinitely without trial ."
0 "employment picture expected to improve new york - a rash of job cuts - more than 10,000 layoffs just this week from a handful of companies - has created some gloom on the jobs front . but friday 's release of jobs data for september was expected to show a steady unemployment rate and creation between about 50,000 to 250,000 new jobs , though uncertainties such as the effects of last month 's hurricanes kept the estimates all over the map , said wachovia corp ..."
3 "tacoma weathers erp and crm ' perfect storm ' problems with a \$50 million - plus rollout of sap 's erp , crm and other business apps in the city of tacoma , wash. , have generated a storm of end - user complaints , bad press and a call for an independent audit of the situation ."
0 "court weighs legal rights of mich. poor ( ap ) ap - with backing from two - fifths of all states , michigan asked the supreme court on monday to whether a state can refuse to pay for appeals by indigent defendants who plead guilty to crimes ."
0 sudan remains defiant as time starts to run out britain has warned sudan that it still has a lot of work to do to satisfy the international community that it is tackling what the united nations has described as the worlds worst humanitarian crisis .
1 "warner to start for giants this week ( ap ) ap - kurt warner will start at quarterback for the new york giants this week , although his competition with rookie eli manning for the regular - season job continues ."
0 swedes beam poetry into outer space ( reuters ) reuters - swedish poets have broadcast their work into outer space by radio to give alien life forms -- if they exist -- a taste\of earthling literature .
2 casino owners team up in macao macao publishing amp ; broadcasting said tuesday that it had bought a stake in stanley ho # 39;s latest gambling project in macao as asia # 39;s two leading casino operators team up to expand in the region .
2 "big merger could box qwest in qwest communications may not be immediately affected by a sprint - nextel merger , but its options could become more limited . at one time , qwest and sprint were viewed as possible merger partners ."
3 "microsoft steals pda topspot windows ce has become the most popular pda operating system , passing the palm os for the first time . worldwide shipments of pdas using microsoft # 39;s system were just under"
3 "palmone treo 650 arrives the palmone treo 650 smartphone with high - resolution screen , bluetooth , swappable battery and extended multimedia capabilities was officially announced today ."
3 "microsoft takes lead in pda software microsoft corp. 's software platform for personal digital assistants took over the market lead from palmsource inc. for the first time in the third quarter , according to market research released friday ."
1 "brockton upset makes waltham 's day waltham -- paul mayberry was dripping , luis cotto was weeping , and alex russo was kneeling on the sideline ."
0 "restive maldives eases curfew after rounding up dissidents ( afp ) afp - a curfew in the capital of the maldives was eased but parliament sessions were put off indefinitely and emergency rule continued following last week 's riots , officials and residents said ."
3 "cray promotes two execs ly - huong pham becomes the supercomputer maker 's senior vice president of operations , and peter ungaro is made senior vice president for sales , marketing and services ."
2 "the next shock : not oil , but debt the american economic ship , which has weathered the recent run - up in crude oil prices , may be more vulnerable to sudden surges in the price of money ."
1 "no . 5 north carolina 63 , no . 24 villanova 56 the north carolina tar heels put their lackluster first half behind them . then they did the same to villanova . after scoring just 25 points in the first half , the no ."
2 "intel to delay product aimed for high - definition tvs san francisco -- in the latest of a series of product delays , intel corp. has postponed the launch of a video display chip it had previously planned to introduce by year end , putting off a showdown with texas instruments inc. in the fast - growing market for high - definition television displays ."
0 "hurricane ivan roars toward gulf coast new orleans - stragglers streamed toward higher ground wednesday on highways turned into one - way evacuation routes and surf started eroding beaches as hurricane ivan roared toward the gulf coast with 140 mph wind . nearly 200 miles wide , ivan could cause significant damage no matter where it strikes , as hurricane - force wind extended up to 105 miles out from the center ..."
1 "celtics put it together new york -- in the wake of a second straight fourth - quarter collapse friday night , coach doc rivers said , quot;it just does n't take a lot to distract us right now . quot ;"
0 "intel officials have bleak view for iraq washington - the national intelligence council presented president bush this summer with several pessimistic scenarios regarding the security situation in iraq , including the possibility of a civil war there before the end of 2005 . in a highly classified national intelligence estimate , the council looked at the political , economic and security situation in the war - torn country and determined that - at best - stability in iraq would be tenuous , a u.s ..."
1 new memories warm heart of this bosox fan is it really true ? did it really happen ? or was that just the figment of some boston red sox fanatic # 39;s wild imagination ? did the red sox really win the world series for the first time since 1918 by sweeping the st.
0 "facing arrest , uma bharti quits as madhya pradesh chief bhopal ( pti ) - madhya pradesh chief minister uma bharti has been forced out of office after four days of political drama as the issue of tainted ministers came back to haunt the bharatiya janata party ."
3 nhs signs nine - year extension with microsoft the national health service ( nhs ) has extended a software licensing deal with microsoft for nine years - three times longer than its current agreement .
0 "gunmen seize three britons in baghdad ( reuters ) reuters - three british nationals , believed to be\civilians , were snatched by gunmen from a house in central\baghdad early on thursday , iraq 's interior ministry said ."
2 "news corp . net profit soars 27 news corp. saw healthy gains in profit and revenue in the fiscal first quarter - helped by growth in advertising at the fox news channel and the fox broadcast network , as"
1 memphis indefinitely suspends sean banks memphis forward sean banks was suspended indefinitely tuesday for violating team rules . coach john calipari did not provide further information about the violation .
0 "two u.s. soldiers killed in iraq bombings ( ap ) ap - two american soldiers were killed and two others were wounded in separate bombings that occurred within hours , the u.s. military said thursday ."
3 "gates says broadcast tv model faces irrelevancy bill gates predicts a\future for the entertainment industry in which traditional\broadcast television is rendered irrelevant . it 's a positive\vision , however , because new and better business models made\possible by technology are emerging ."
0 "why 2004 was the year of the blog a us dictionary publisher declares "" blog "" as one of the words of the year ."
2 "dollar dives to record low vs . euro london ( reuters ) - the dollar crashed through key barriers to a record low on the euro and a 7-month low on the yen on wednesday , as concern mounted a forthcoming g20 finance ministers ' meeting would do little to halt its slide ."
3 "scientists : volcano monitoring funds low ( ap ) ap - for lack of funds , more than a third of the nation 's "" truly dangerous "" volcanos lack even a seismometer for detecting signs of an impending eruption , scientists say ."
3 arctic team finds ship remains a team retracing the route of a group of victorian arctic explorers have found parts of their 172-year - old ship .
1 "italy : sicilian derby ends in draw palermo , nov 11 ( sw ) - after a 39-year wait for a serie a sicilian derby , the match between palermo and messina on thursday managed only a 0 - 0 draw ."
0 "pakistan says to give extra security to chinese pakistan will provide extra security to the chinese working in the country and pursue a former guantanamo bay inmate who masterminded the abduction of two chinese engineers , the interior minister said on saturday ."
3 "fellowship of the customized ring tone in a short time , in a public way -- while on metro , or in line at starbucks , or inside a movie theater -- ring tones signal who you are . or who you want people to think you are.&lt;font face=""verdana , ms sans serif , arial , helvetica "" size=""-2 "" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;b&gt ;- the washington post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt ;"
2 "air canada to buy 45 aircraft from embraer scheduled to fly out of bankruptcy - court shelter this week , air canada announced a deal wednesday to buy 45 embraer aircraft in a deal worth at least \$1 ."
0 "pm to discuss strategic partnership prime minister manmohan singh arrived on tuesday for the first major diplomatic foray that includes talks with us president george w bush , pakistan president pervez musharraf and address to the un general assembly ."
3 "adobe services now via yahoo ! adobe systems and internet provider yahoo ! have announced a tie - up aimed at providing consumer services to internet users . the two companies will introduce integrated products that feature adobe services , increase the reach of yahoo !"
2 "pfizer to sponsor large new celebrex trial new york ( reuters ) - pfizer inc. said on monday it plans to sponsor a major clinical study to further assess the cardiovascular safety of its arthritis drug celebrex following the withdrawal of merck co. 's vioxx , a drug in the same class ."
0 pm and latham target sydney prime minister john howard and opposition leader mark latham will target key marginal seats around sydney as the election campaign hits its second week .
2 "bank of england says dollar decline increases risk to banks the possibility of a further slide in the dollar and a decline in demand for us assets has become one of the potential risks to financial stability , the bank of england said in its semi - annual financial stability review ."
0 europe compromises with us on iran nuke deadline charge iran vehemently denies . the iaea has found many previously concealed nuclear activities in iran . but no quot;smoking gun quot ; backing the us view .
1 it # 39;s about time sox became the champs and real rivals finally . the new york yankees and the boston red sox have a bona fide rivalry . please don # 39;t assume that this belongs on the sports pages .
1 "finley is new angel in outfield the angels rounded out their starting outfield yesterday , signing center fielder steve finley to a \$14 million , two - year contract as baseball 's winter meetings in anaheim , calif. , began to percolate ."
3 "fsb fud over foi , you cry & lt;strong&gt;letters&lt;/strong&gt ; the postbag , and your miscellaneous musings"
3 "crm best practices : tco and roi ( newsfactor ) newsfactor - with crm projects costing millions , even in some mid - size companies , it is no surprise cfos are leading the charge to be sure the most important projects are first , that they are justified , and that they actually deliver on their forecast benefits ."
0 "us economic growth slips to 2.8 annual us economic growth fell to 2.8 in the second quarter of 2004 , marking a slowdown from the 3 estimated a month ago ."
1 "a man with a plan athens -- four years ago in sydney , after the us gymnasts had gone medal - free at the olympics for the first time in 28 years , federation president bob colarossi was sitting at a table , explaining that the turnaround already had begun . the women had moved from sixth to fourth in the world in one year , the men from sixth to fifth . ..."
3 objectweb adds portal content management middleware using open - source modules instead of commercial alternatives -- even standards - based ones -- could save businesses money .
3 "intel lauds milestone in shrinking chips contradicting fears that the semiconductor industry # 39;s pace of development is slowing , intel corp has announced that it has achieved a milestone in shrinking the size of transistors that will power its next - generation chips ."
1 "no miracle this time that miracle , of course , took place in lake placid , ny , during the 1980 winter olympics . thanks to the likes of jim craig , mike eruzione , ken morrow and the rest of the us hockey team , the mighty soviet union"
2 "snap - on warns for 3q , 2004 vehicle tool maker sees profit below forecasts amid high steel prices , soft demand in europe . new york ( reuters ) - snap - on inc. , which makes vehicle - repair tools , said tuesday its third - quarter and full - year"
2 "sign off , then sign in g. michael caggiano jr. lies awake at night thinking about bank signs . he ponders them during breakfast , while brushing his teeth , and quot;constantly quot ; during the day , he says ."
2 "first credit rating for serbia 19:50 november 01 dow jones london -- monday -- serbia reached a milestone on the road to economic stability monday , as its first - ever credit rating opened the way for a return to international credit markets ."
2 "eu antitrust ruling on mci overturned in a fresh blow to europe # 39;s antitrust enforcers , a top appeals tribunal said regulators wrongly blocked mci worldcom # 39;s aborted bid to buy sprint corp in 2000 ."
1 "catch a piece of history but hire a lawyer first when steve williams picked up the ball barry bonds had just hit for his 700th home run , he thought he had his hands on a piece of history ."
0 "in indonesia , businesses hopeful after election after suffering through two shambling administrations , indonesia appears to have a new president who many of its business leaders say they believe will uproot corruption and revive investment ."
1 senegal # 39;s camara scores first goals for celtic in 3 - 0 win senegal striker henri camara scored his first two goals for champions celtic in their 3 - 0 win against dundee in the scottish premier league on saturday .
1 overtime goal puts canada in world cup hockey final vincent lecavalier # 39;s goal 3:45 into overtime earned canada a nail - biting 4 - 3 victory over the czech republic on saturday and a place in the final of the world cup of hockey .
2 "gm , daimlerchrysler plan hybrid cars southfield , michigan : general motors corp and daimlerchrysler ag will jointly develop a petroleum - electric power system to catch up with toyota motor corp and honda motor co in so - called hybrid vehicles that save fuel and cut tailpipe emissions ."
1 fans honour legend clough thousands of football fans fell silent today to honour the life and achievements of legendary manager brian clough . a public tribute was held in nottingham city centre and a minute
2 "vivendi surprises with rise in revenue vivendi universal , the french media group that almost collapsed into bankruptcy two years ago , yesterday surprised investors with strong third - quarter revenues driven by soaring music sales in the britain and north america ."
3 mexico struggles to preserve ancient ruins ( reuters ) reuters - the majestic pyramids and\temples of the ancient zapotec kingdom of monte alban sit\spectacularly atop a hill in mexico 's southern state of oaxaca .
0 "vilsack , dean jockey for top dnc post ( ap ) ap - iowa gov. tom vilsack told democratic leaders on friday he may seek the party 's top job as the jockeying to replace chairman terry mcauliffe intensified ."
0 "china sets terms for taiwan talks china is ready to resume negotiations after nearly five years with taiwan if the island nation accepts the quot;one china quot ; principle , the state media reported monday ."
1 f1 boss loses court case formula one boss bernie ecclestones control over the sport may be on the decline after a court ruled against him in a dispute with three banks .
2 "world briefs london - a man wielding a machete and a knife attacked two security guards at the building housing the headquarters of the british domestic intelligence service mi5 on friday , police said ."
1 "red sox stumble and fumble their way to series lead st louis ( reuters ) - so much for the "" curse of the bambino . """
3 "trusecure merges with betrusted boston - information security services companies trusecure corp. and betrusted plan to announce on tuesday that they have merged , forming a new company called cybertrust ."
0 shaukat aziz gets vote of confidence islamabad : newly - elected known as finance wizard prime minister shaukat aziz has secured vote of confidence form the national assembly .
3 "russian spacecraft heads for international space station a russian soyuz spacecraft carrying two russian cosmonauts and one american astronaut has reached orbit , after blasting off from the baikonur cosmodrome in kazakhstan ."
3 "report : global warming now inevitable the arctic council , an international group of northern nations , says global warming will be both a blessing and a curse . the group # 39;s report , four years in the making and set for a nov."
1 "saban hiring on hold davie - the dolphins want nick saban , and the lsu coach could be on his way . although lsu athletic director skip bertman said friday that quot;an offer is very imminent , quot ; the dolphins are committed to adhering"
0 "israel levels new accusations against syria without acknowledging responsibility for the car - bombing death of a hamas activist in syria , israeli deputy defense minister zeev boim yesterday issued a toughly worded"
0 "australia : wallets trump war a majority of australians oppose the iraq war , but they turned out to be more concerned about the economy ."
1 "earnhardt : take money , not points dale earnhardt jr. wants nascar to change its punishment for swearing on television and radio broadcasts before another driver commits a similar slip of the tongue ."
0 "typhoon tokage claims 25 lives ; 43 missing , nhk tv reports twenty - five people were confirmed dead and 43 missing as of 5 am after typhoon tokage passed through japan , nhk television said on its web site ."
0 "democracy thrives in largest muslim state indonesia # 39;s presidential favorite susilo bambang yudhoyono spent part of a three - day break between the campaign and monday # 39;s historic election not resting , but writing ."
1 "us women avoid disaster , advance athens -- preliminary - round elimination would have been a disaster for the united states women . desperate for a victory , the americans avoided embarrassment by finally playing like a gold medal contender -- and like a team ."
1 "short jump , bad handoff end jones # 39 ; games athens , greece - for marion jones , sydney must seem far more than half a world away . those olympics were some dreamland where she ruled track and field with a golden touch and a sweet smile , winning five medals"
0 "kidnapped turk killed in afghanistan -- witness a turkish engineer abducted by a militant gang in eastern afghanistan was found dead on wednesday , a witness who saw the body being carried down from a mountainside told reuters ."
3 lycos offers people and discussion search terra lycos sa introduced two search tools on its lycos u.s. internet site on monday as part of a recently announced strategy to focus on services that allow users to connect with others .
