1	Doctors have advised that the boy get chemotherapy , but Daren and Barbara Jensen have refused , fearing the treatment would stunt Parker 's growth and leave him sterile .	Daren and Barbara Jensen refused to heed doctors ' recommendation of chemotherapy , fearing the treatment would stunt Parker 's growth and leave him sterile .
1	IAAF council member Jose Maria Odriozola said Drummond should be excluded from the championships .	" I have proposed to the [ IAAF ] council that Drummond be excluded from the championships . "
0	Combined , the companies will have about $ 2.8 billion in annual revenues , 13,000 employees and more than 11,000 customers in 150 countries .	The deal creates a company with about $ 2.8bn in annual revenues with 13,000 employees and 11,000 customers .
1	As a teen , he stabbed a 6-year-old boy , nearly killing him , for no apparent reason .	He also told investigators that when he was in his mid-teens , he stabbed a 6-year-old boy for no apparent reason .
1	" For me , the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents , " according to extracts leaked yesterday .	" For me , the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents . "
1	Labor Department analysts think the payroll statistics from the survey of businesses provide a more accurate picture of the economy because the survey figures are based on a larger sample .	The analysts said they believe the payroll statistics provide a more accurate picture of the economy because they are based on a larger sample .
0	Only 66 years old , Brooks was killed on Monday , Aug. 11 , 2003 in an automobile accident in his native Minnesota .	When Brooks was killed in an automobile accident Monday in Minnesota , Taylor lost a good friend .
0	Prince is replacing Sanford " Sandy " Weill , who will remain Citigroup 's chairman .	Prince , who heads Citigroup 's global corporate and investment bank , is replacing Sanford Weill as CEO .
1	Gilead had earnings of $ 73.1 million , or 33 cents a share , compared with $ 20.8 million , or 10 cents , in the year-ago quarter .	Quarterly profit climbed to $ 73.1 million , or 33 cents a share , from $ 20.8 million , or 10 cents , a year earlier , the company said .
1	Mohcine Douali , who lives in the centre of Algiers , said : " It was a great shock .	" It was a great shock , " said Mohcine Douali , who lives in central Algiers .
0	" But the First Amendment does not shield fraud , " Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg wrote for the court .	" The First Amendment does not shield fraud , " Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg wrote for the court in Madigan v. Telemarketing Associates , No. 01-1806 .
1	Whether it works out , timewise , that I can march with all four ... we 'll see what happens , " he said .	Whether it works out timewise with all four , I don 't know but we will see what happens . "
1	" The strength of demand for credit increases the danger associated with delaying ( a rate rise ) that is called for on general macroeconomic grounds , " Mr Macfarlane said .	The strength of demand for credit increases the danger associated with delaying a tightening of policy that is called for on general macroeconomic grounds . "
1	But while the prime minister 's trial judders to a halt , his co-defendants in the same case are not protected .	While he is now spared that threat , his co-defendants in the same case are not protected .
0	Cubs manager Dusty Baker sees his slugger struggling .	" Tonight he was an offensive catcher , " Cubs manager Dusty Baker said .
1	Since it was launched , the SiteFinder service has come under increasing criticism from users and analysts who say that VeriSign has overstepped its authority .	Since it was launched Monday , the SiteFinder service has drawn widespread criticism from Internet users who complain that VeriSign has overstepped its authority .
1	His 1996 Chevrolet Tahoe was found abandoned in a Virginia Beach , Va . , parking lot June 25 .	His sport utility vehicle was found June 25 , abandoned without its license plates in Virginia Beach , Va .
0	Without comment , the court declined to hear suspended Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore 's appeals .	The defeat for suspended Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore was expected .
0	" I had one bad stretch of holes that put me out of contention to win , " Woods said .	" I had one bad stretch of holes that put me out of contention , " Woods said , referring to his 42 on the front nine Saturday .
1	Former chief financial officer Franklyn M. Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on June 5 and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors .	Last week , former chief financial officer Franklyn Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy and agreed to cooperate with the government 's investigation .
0	The Modesto Bee and NBC were notified their calls had been intercepted , Goold said .	Journalists were not the only people notified that their phone calls had been intercepted .
1	My view is these al-Qaeda terrorists - and I believe it was al-Qaeda - would prefer to have many such events . "	" My view is that these Al Qaeda terrorists -- and I believe it was Al Qaeda -- would prefer to have many such events . "
0	Steverson said Williams was known as a racist who did not like Blacks .	Steverson said Williams , who was white , was a racist .
0	Iraqi police opened fire in downtown Baghdad today after demonstrators stormed a police station demanding they be given jobs they claimed to have paid bribes for .	Iraqi police opened fire in downtown Baghdad Wednesday after demonstrators demanding jobs stormed a police station and threw stones at officers , police said .
1	The court 's 1992 decision reaffirmed the basic findings of Roe protecting abortion choice but lessened the standards of protection guaranteed to women by Roe .	In a 1992 case , the Supreme Court reaffirmed the basic findings of Roe protecting abortion choice , but lessened the standards of protection guaranteed to women by Roe .
1	The latest quarter 's profit was a penny above of the average estimate as compiled by Thomson First Call .	The earnings beat by a penny the consensus estimate of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call .
1	More than 60 percent of the company 's 1,000 employees were killed in the attack .	More than 60 per cent of its 1,000 employees at the time were killed .
1   Only two bidders of the six have expressed interest in the whole pie - oil tycoon Marvin Davis and Seagram heir Edgar Bronfman Jr .	Only two of the bidders have so far expressed interest in buying all the assets -- Davis and Bronfman .
1	Bush also said he plans to meet with scientists and legal experts and will not make a determination on the bill for a few more weeks .	Bush said he plans to meet with scientists and legal experts and will not decide the bill 's fate for a few more weeks .
0	Variable annuity sales were $ 4.2 billion , 82 percent higher than a year ago .	Variable annuity sales surged 82 percent to $ 4.2 billion .
0	But U.S. administration officials moved to talk down Snow 's impact on currencies , saying his comments were not reflective of Washington 's policy and were merely an observation about the economy .	U.S. administration officials said Snow 's rate comments were not reflective of Washington 's policy and were merely an observation about the economy .
1	However , one subset of women — those on hormonal treatment following chemotherapy — appeared to show improvement in survival .	However , one subset of patients , women on hormonal treatment following chemotherapy , " appeared to show a favorable trend to improvement in survival . "
1	Intel ’ s Xeon surpassed HP ’ s PA-RISC to become the most often used processor , rising from 76 systems in June to 152 systems in November .	Intel 's Xeon surpassed HP 's PA-RISC to become the processor most often used , rising from 76 systems in June to 152 systems in November .
0	The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index lost the most ground , falling 16.95 points to 1,506,76 .	The Nasdaq Composite Index lost 16.95 , or 1.1 percent , to 1507.76 , its first slide in five days .
1	" We are very pleased that the court dismissed the vast majority of the plaintiff 's claims , " Coke spokeswoman Sonya Soutus said .	" We are very pleased that the court dismissed the vast majority of the plaintiff 's claims , " said Coke spokesman Ben Deutsch .
0	UBS Warburg downgraded Altria , a Dow member , to " neutral " from " buy , " based on valuation .	It fell 0.5 percent after UBS downgraded it to " neutral " from " buy , " citing valuation .
1	A postal distribution center where four anthrax-laced letters passed through two years ago was fumigated with chlorine dioxide gas as crews wound up the decontamination process this weekend .	Workers cleaning up a postal distribution center where four letters laced with anthrax had passed through two years ago planned to complete the fumigation operation early Sunday .
1	The American military 's task is to provide the security in the meantime .	The U.S. military 's task , in this period , is to provide security .
1	The A920 comes with a printer , scanner , and copier for $ 89 .	Dell 's Personal All-in-One A920 is an entry-level device that combines printer , scanner and copier functions for $ 89 .
0	The FTC has asked the court to suspend its decision while the agency appeals .	U.S. District Judge Edward W. Nottingham in Denver denied an FTC request to suspend his decision while the agency appeals .
1	Officials said the data will be used to verify whether they had stayed beyond their authorized time .	Officials said data will be used to verify whether travelers have exceeded their authorized stay .
1	A $ 5 billion dollar-denominated portion has seen about $ 19 billion of bids , investors said .	A $ 5 billion dollar-denominated portion from GM drew about $ 21 billion of bids , an analyst looking at the deal said .
1	Even after he turned 94 , Lacy worked to change baseball .	Even into his 90s , Lacy worked to change the game of baseball .
0	Dayton finished 24-6 last season , won the Atlantic-10 Conference championship and was a No. 4 seed in the NCAA Tournament .	That season , the Rams finished the regular season ranked 11th and were a No. 2 seed in the NCAA tournament .
1	It would not affect economic damages such as lost wages or hospital bills .	Economic damages , such as lost wages or medical costs , wouldn 't be capped under Bush 's plan .
0	Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal said he would fight any extension of the cable 's use .	Meanwhile , the Connecticut attorney general , Richard Blumenthal , said he was considering legal action against Mr. Abraham 's order .
1	Grant also has been elected to Monsanto 's board of directors , the company said in a statement .	Grant , a 22-year Monsanto veteran , also has been elected to the company 's board of directors , Monsanto said in a statement .
0	Ms. Kethley has said she also repeatedly denied his accusations .	Ms. Kethley , who has repeatedly denied any infidelity , has recounted a similar story .
1	With more and more Bluetooth-equipped cellular phones coming onto the market , " people are going to be sorry if they didn 't buy a PDA with Bluetooth , " he said .	With increasing numbers of Bluetooth-equipped mobile phones coming onto the market , " people are going to be sorry if they didn 't buy a PDA with Bluetooth , " he said .
1	By the time the two-term president left office in 1989 , the Navy had nearly 600 ships - about twice the ships it has today .	By the time that Reagan left office in 1989 , the Navy had nearly 600 ships - about twice the number that it has today .
1	" Ms. Stewart is being prosecuted not because of who she is , but because of what she did , " Comey said .	" Martha Stewart is not being prosecuted for who she is but for what she did . "
1	Nelson , 27 , is being retried on civil-rights charges stemming from the disturbance which led to Rosenbaum 's death .	Nelson , 27 , is being retried on civil rights charges stemming from the disturbance that led to Rosenbaum 's death .
0	A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the government was free to withhold the names of more than 700 people detained in the aftermath of Sept . 11 , 2001 .	A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the U.S. government can withhold the names of people detained as part of the September 11 investigation , reversing a lower court decision .
1	Asked about other possible attacks , Roberts said : " I don 't think there 's any question about it that . . . they 're going to be very global in nature .	Asked about other possible attacks , Roberts said : “ I don ’ t think there ’ s any question about it that they ’ re going to be very global in nature .
1	No team has overcome a 3-1 deficit in the NBA Finals , and the New Jersey Nets don 't want to try their luck at such a daunting task . "	No team has overcome a 3-1 deficit in the NBA Finals , and the New Jersey Nets don 't want to try their luck at it .
0	There are no suspects in the shooting , which took place around 9 : 15 p.m. on Wednesday at East 126th Street and Fifth Avenue , the police said .	Police said there was an argument before the slaying at East 126th Street and Fifth Avenue around 9 p.m.
0	" But the reality is that there needs to be a big structural change , " she added , " and you can 't do that without funding . "	" But the reality is that there needs to be a big structural change , " Dr. Goin added .
0	Knight had 29 interceptions in his six years with the Saints , including 17 the last three seasons .	Knight has 29 interceptions in six seasons , all with New Orleans -- including a team-high five last season .
1	The budget analysis comes as negotiations between the City Council and the Bloomberg administration heat up .	Budget negotiations between the mayor and the City Council are entering high gear .
1	Taupo was guiding her owner Paul Kibblewhite , 62 , on a three-day walk with a tramping party of eight .	Taupo had been leading Mr Kibblewhite , 62 , of Rotorua , on a three-day walk with a tramping party of eight .
1	Handset market share for the second quarter , it said , is higher than the first quarter .	Nokia 's market share for the second quarter is estimated to be higher than the first quarter , 2003 . "
0	The series will be known as the NASCAR Nextel Cup .	Before that the division was known as the NASCAR Grand National Series .
1	Where long-lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks in past decades , they are now lucky to catch one , the study found .	" Whereas long lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks , now they are lucky to catch one , " Myers said .
1	By contrast , the Senate-passed prescription drug plan requires seniors to pay 50 percent of drug costs , with a $ 275 deductible each year .	Under the House-passed plan , seniors would pay 20 percent of drug costs , plus a $ 250 deductible annually .
1	Canada won 't commit more troops to Afghanistan until the current year-long mission is complete , Prime Minister Jean Chretien said yesterday .	Canada will not consider sending more troops to Afghanistan until its current 12-month peacekeeping mission is complete , Prime Minister Jean Chretien said Saturday .
1	Data showed Italian business confidence slipped to its lowest level in 16 months in May , aiding rate cut expectations .	On Tuesday , figures also showed Italian business confidence slipped again in May to its lowest level in 16 months , doing nothing to discourage rate cut expectations .
1	Stocks have rallied sharply for more than three months in anticipation of a rebound in the second half of the year .	Stocks have
rallied sharply for more than three months in anticipation of an economic
rebound in the year 's second half .
1	He said Qantas would also cut capital spending by retiring some aircraft and deferring delivery of some new planes .	It would also further reduce capital expenditure by retiring some aircraft and delaying the delivery of new places .
0	That objection was cited by PeopleSoft 's board in rejecting Oracle 's offer .	PeopleSoft 's board has recommended stockholders reject the offer .
1	Dylan Baker and Lindsay Frost play her parents , Ed and Lois Smart .	Lindsay Frost and Dylan Baker played Elizabeth Smart 's parents .
1	Palm expects to move Handspring 's employees to Palm Solutions headquarters in Milpitas , Calif .	Handspring employees are expected to move to Palm Solutions Group headquarters in Milpitas , Calif .
0	The giant rock was first observed on August 24 by Lincoln Near-Earth Asteroid Research Program , based in Socorro , New Mexico .	The rock was first observed by the Lincoln Near Earth Asteroid Research Program , also known as LINEAR .
1	He also said he advised his grown-up children not to run up credit card debts .	Barclays chief executive Matt Barrett also said he had advised his children never to use credit cards .
1	Some women are also concerned that so many women are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection .	Some women also express concern about a society in which more people than ever are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection .
1	Normally , congressional districts are redrawn by state legislatures every 10 years to reflect population changes recorded in the U.S. census .	Normally , redistricting is done every 10 years based on population changes in the census .
1	Two area lawmakers said Democrats might entice some Republicans to support a tax hike .	Two Inland Valley lawmakers revealed it might be possible for Democrats to entice some Republicans to support a tax hike .
1	Two of Collins ' top assistants will consult with state police during the investigation and determine if any federal laws were violated , he said Friday .	U.S. Attorney Jeffrey Collins also said two of his assistants will consult with state police during the investigation and determine if any federal laws were broken .
0	Sirius carries National Public Radio , although it doesn 't include popular shows such as " All Things Considered " and " Morning Edition . "	Sirius recently began carrying National Public Radio , a deal pooh-poohed by XM because it doesn 't include popular shows like All Things Considered and Morning Edition .
0	The unemployment rate rose a tenth of a percentage point to 6.1 % , the highest level since July 1994 .	The unemployment rate is predicted to have ticked up a percentage point to 6.1 % .
1	Food and Drug Administration ( news - web sites ) Commissioner Mark McClellan said Kraft 's initiative could start an important trend .	U.S. Food and Drug Administration Commissioner Mark McClellan said Kraft 's could start an important trend .
0	She had been barred on the grounds that her headscarf would violate the state 's neutrality in religion .	The school had argued that it violated the state 's neutrality in religion .
0	Without admitting or denying the S.E.C. ' s allegations , Mr. Markovitz agreed to a permanent ban from associating with an investment adviser or mutual fund .	He has agreed to a lifetime ban from association with an investment adviser or mutual fund .
1	Now , for the first time , those without Internet access can sign up with a single phone call .	Now , for the first time , those without Internet access can sign up by phone by making a single toll-free call to ( 888 ) 382-1222 .
1	Initial reports said the attackers fired from a mosque within in the city , 30 miles west of Baghdad .	The Centcom statement said the gunmen appeared to have fired from a mosque in the city , 50 km ( 32 miles ) west of Baghdad .
0	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC > rose 8.25 points , or 0.45 percent , to 1,861.15 .	The Nasdaq composite index dropped 6.8 percent , and the Standard & Poor 's fell 4.9 percent .
0	Paul Durousseau , 32 , was charged Tuesday with five counts of first-degree murder for the Dec. 19 to Feb. 5 killings .	Paul Durousseau , 32 , was charged Tuesday with murder in five Jacksonville slayings between December and February , and in a 1997 Georgia killing .
1	Dan Powers , vice president of grid computing strategy at IBM Corp. , says he 's not worried about such off-the-shelf PC clusters threatening sales of traditional supercomputers .	Dan Powers , IBM vice president of grid-computing strategy , says he 's not worried about off-the-shelf PC clusters threatening traditional supercomputer sales .
0	Britain has said it will oppose articles calling for closer coordination of tax and economic policy , to uphold the national right of veto .	Britain has said it wants to haggle over articles of the draft calling for closer coordination of tax and economic policy .
1	Next Monday at about 2 p.m. ( CST ) , hospital officials in and near Chicago will notice a sudden increase in people complaining of flu-like symptoms .	Around the same time , hospital officials in and near Chicago will notice a sudden increase in people complaining of flu-like symptoms .
1	Four people were found shot to death along a highway Tuesday morning and three others were wounded in a possible dispute involving immigrant smuggling , officials said .	Four people were found shot to death along a highway Tuesday and four others were wounded in a dispute that apparently involved immigrant smugglers , officials said .
1	The subjects were next given a squirt up the nose of a rhinovirus , the nasty little germ that causes colds .	Following their assessment , each volunteer received a squirt in the nose of rhinovirus the germ that causes colds .
1	Wal-Mart Stores Inc . , Kohl 's Corp. , Family Dollar Stores Inc. and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales that fell below Wall Street 's modest expectations .	Wal- Mart , Kohl 's Corp. , Family Dollar Stores Inc . , and Big Lots Inc. posted May sales that fell below Wall Street 's modest expectations .
0	Horn remained in critical but stable condition Monday , the hospital said .	The illusionist remained in critical condition Monday with a gaping wound to the neck .
1	The 3 { hours of recordings include conversations between police , firefighters and other emergency workers , as well as media inquiries .	Among them are conversations between police , firefighters and other emergency workers , as well as media inquiries .
0	Germans account for more than 40 percent of foreign visitors coming to Italy .	Germans represent more than a quarter of all foreign visitors to Italy and 40 percent of hotel bookings .
0	The S & P / TSX composite rose 87.74 points on the week , while the TSX Venture Exchange composite gained 44.49 points .	On the week , the Dow Jones industrial average rose 11.56 points , while the Nasdaq Stock Market gained 39.42 points .
1	Thursday , Mr. Romanow called it an offence to democracy to not implement a council that so many Canadians support .	Yesterday , Mr. Romanow said it was an affront to democracy to not implement a council that so many Canadians support .
0	The news sent Cisco shares on a tear in after-hours trading .	Cisco shares gained $ 1.28 in after-hours trading to $ 23.08 .
