entailment	The tattooed basketball player is about to dunk the ball .	The person is playing basketball .
contradiction	A policeman on a motorcycle from the rear .	An officer on a chopper .
entailment	A rescue worker searches with a flashlight under a slab in a ruined building .	A worker searches a ruined building .
neutral	A woman is posing in a meadow next to an old truck .	A woman is getting her maternity pictures taken .
entailment	An older , barefoot boy is talking to a younger , shirtless boy in flip flips in the middle of the street .	Two boys are talking in the middle of a street .
entailment	A woman wearing a tank top and black pants is laying on the ground while looking at a book .	A woman is looking at a book .
entailment	A lady with blue jeans and a brown shirt is speaking on her cellphone on the second floor of the mall .	the lady is talking on her phne
contradiction	A man biking down a tunnel .	A man is playing video games .
contradiction	A woman in a white shirt inspects a black garment while sitting in a chair at a festival .	A woman drinks a beer .
neutral	A man and a young girl swimming .	a father and daughter swim together
neutral	Two soccer players try to take possession of the ball , but the player in yellow falls as the player in white jumps over him .	the players are brazilian
neutral	Women is small tops and skirts pose for the camera .	The women posing are models .
entailment	A man partly draped in a green and orange flag rests his arms on two others while standing in a crowd .	A man is touching other people in a crowd .
contradiction	A woman wearing a gray sweater stands in the street near a green pole .	A man wearing a sweater inside
entailment	People enjoying food outside of a restaurant .	People eating stuff outdoors .
entailment	A road worker is holding a stop sign to direct traffic .	Traffic is being directed by a road worker .
contradiction	A young boy using a spatula to handle meat on a grill .	A young boy is grilling vegetables .
contradiction	Basketball referee watching a team player hang from the hoop .	A woman watching the game .
entailment	A drummer wearing a plaid shirt , jeans , and a purple had bangs his drum .	A drummer playing on drums .
entailment	Several men helping each other pull in a fishing net .	The men are fishing .
entailment	The back of a woman wearing a white jacket with blue jeans walking towards a flock of birds .	Someone person was near a bunch of birds .
entailment	A high school band getting ready to perform .	A high school band prepares to play in front of a large crowd .
neutral	A man with a cowboy hat and a gentleman with sunglasses on his head are seated next to each other .	The two friends are reunited after years apart
contradiction	Three young boys enjoying a day at the beach .	The boys are sleeping .
contradiction	An officer in a black uniform and hat stands to the left of a large structure with other officers in the background .	An officer enjoys coffee in a shop .
entailment	Several bicyclers are carrying their bikes up a grassy hill .	People carrying bikes .
entailment	A baby with a green bottom and red top lying in bed with a brown and white cat and also a black and white cat .	There is a child and two animals .
contradiction	A middle-aged woman in a light brown trench coat and black boots walks on the sidewalk past a shop entrance .	The middle aged woman is at home knitting .
contradiction	A man is standing on his tip toes in front of two people sitting in the car .	A man missing his legs sits in a wheelchair .
entailment	A woman with a green headscarf , blue shirt and a very big grin .	The woman is very happy .
entailment	A woman wearing dollar sign glasses , holding a dollar bill , stands with a suitcase that says `` Lucky '' that is overflowing with cash .	The elaborately dressed woman stands around with her riches
neutral	People walk outside `` The Tempe Bar '' .	Bar goers walk around outside after last call .
neutral	A caucasian man wearing red plaid bottoms and a black vest with large buttons with a tattoo on one arm has an upside down unicycle balancing on his mouth .	A clown is performing a unicycle trick .
entailment	A wall hung with multicolored crosses is visible behind the group of young men as they converse .	Young men are talking
entailment	A male and female , both wearing sandals , walking by a fence .	they are going for a walk
entailment	A boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .	a boy engaged in a leisure activity
neutral	A young family enjoys feeling ocean waves lap at their feet .	A young man and woman take their child to the beach for the first time .
entailment	A man in a red shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a wall with other people 's shadows in front of him on the pavement .	A man stands by a wall .
contradiction	A person dressed in a dress with flowers and a stuffed bee attached to it , is pushing a baby stroller down the street .	A lady sitting on a bench in the park .
contradiction	An older caucasian couple is having their picture taken by a stone statue of a man and woman kissing .	The young couple are taking pictures of the countryside .
neutral	A young woman talks on the phone and carries her bags while walking past some hats on display .	A woman has been shopping .
neutral	A child floating on a blue raft while a woman holds on to him while a black dog swims nearby .	A funny person floating
entailment	A young man with glasses and his companion are attempting to do laundry in a public place .	A person with glasses
neutral	A young boy holding a red toy wearing green snowman and reindeer pajamas with an older woman on a couch behind him .	The older woman behind the young boy is his mother .
contradiction	A young woman is standing on a slope , facing the top of the slope .	A man sleds down a slope .
neutral	A woman in a long , dark coat looks through trashcans in Winter .	A woman older than thirty is outside in winter .
entailment	Man with a spider web & spiders painted on his face .	The man has his face painted .
neutral	An Asian man is performing with face paint on .	The Asian man is drawing a crowd .
contradiction	An organ grinder , in World War I helmet and clown makeup , speaks to an older man in a blue , striped polo shirt .	Two men in formal attire are waiting outside restaurant at night .
contradiction	A man dressed in a red shirt and black tie stands up at a wedding reception to make a speech .	a man sits shyly near a bride
contradiction	A man in a blue shirt is performing a skateboarding trick near stiars while two other men watch .	Nobody has a shirt
entailment	A red-haired woman in a pink shirt attempts to descend a tree .	A woman climbing down a tree .
neutral	An older woman is holding a small child .	a woman holding her grandchild
entailment	A woman in a bright pink and green skirt carries a large wicker basket on her back up a stone-cobbled street .	The woman is carrying a basket down the street .
contradiction	a boy wearing jean shorts , and a black and blue shirt , reading a book , sits on a rolling device up against a wall that says book fair , while other people stand around .	The boy plays a video game .
entailment	Two men outside of a restaurant .	Two men are outside .
neutral	Two women sitting at a table with their hands together .	Two sisters are hugging after not seeing each other in ages .
neutral	Some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	They are in Hawaii .
contradiction	An old man looking over a sculpture .	The man is young
entailment	A girl reaches up to kiss a cat , which is sitting on the counter .	A girl is showing affection towards a cat .
contradiction	The African American man protests against unlawful sex .	The man sings and dances in the park .
contradiction	Colorful rings spraying water at little girl wearing swimsuit .	The child is drinking at a bar .
entailment	A picture of an artwork that depicts a man being flown by birds that is in font of a construction area .	A man is being carried by birds .
contradiction	Nurses in a medical setting conversing over a plastic cup .	The nurses are eating lunch .
neutral	A man wearing a hat sitting on the side of a hill looking towards the water .	The man is watching boats pass by while sitting on the hill .
neutral	Construction workers are standing upon on a wooden bridge .	The men are nervous
entailment	A man is outdoors looking directly at the camera , and in front of him is a yellow flower .	The man stands before the camera outside .
contradiction	A few people are sitting inside of a building with lots of photography on the walls .	The people are attending an outdoor art festival .
neutral	A chef in a kitchen cuts a piece off of a large slab of rotating meat on a stick , probably lamb .	A chef is cooking up a 6-course menu for his close friends .
neutral	A man and a woman are dancing in the crowd .	a couple dances among other people
contradiction	A man in a blue shirt was arguing with a man in a green jacket and started to raise his fist in anger .	a man orders a mamosa for another man
neutral	Two young men climb a tree overlooking a rural setting , with one of them out far on a limb and clutching a white helmet .	Two brothers are climbing a tree to get down their Frisbee .
contradiction	A woman in orange sunglasses is playing the drums while speaking into a microphone in front of a large sign .	A woman is yelling at a crowd and they can not hear her because she has no microphone .
entailment	A large African American man sitting on a camping chair .	The large black man is relaxing in the chair
neutral	Two men are boxing in fighting arena .	Two men are punching eachother .
contradiction	Two construction workers are working in front of a wall which has a bunch of names carved into it .	The men are playing wind instruments .
entailment	A brown dog is in the middle of a line of dogs chasing a dirty tennis ball over dirt .	The dogs are chasing a ball .
entailment	A five piece horn band all playing in a hall of what looks like a church .	There are people playing music .
neutral	A man is on a skateboard jumping from a short ledge onto the sidewalk .	The man is wearing knee pads .
entailment	The man in black is flying off the full in front of a red fence .	The man is next to the fence .
entailment	A young black man wearing a dark leather jacket and gloves is standing on a lit stage , looking down .	A black man is standing on stage .
contradiction	A blond woman in a black shirt is standing behind a counter .	The woman is seated on a beach towel .
contradiction	Girl wearing white shirt sings on stage while playing guitar	A man play the triangle .
entailment	The guy in the black jacket is standing on his hand on a checkered rectangle .	A male is engaging in something acrobatic .
contradiction	A male guitar player is vigorously singing a not to a song in a poorly lit room .	The man is buying a new guitar at the store .
contradiction	A young boy runs across a road in front of a sky blue building with barred windows .	A boy sleeps in his bed .
contradiction	A young woman is wearing a paper crown at an outdoor event .	the woman is at a ski lodge
contradiction	A girl is swinging , rather high , on a swing with blue ropes with lots of trees in the background .	A girl is swinging , rather high , on a swing with white ropes .
neutral	A man sitting outside playing a musical instrument .	The man is playing a saxophone .
neutral	Two men in hard hats sawing a plank of wood .	Two workers cutting down a board to make it fit in a housing project .
contradiction	A group of female athletes are huddled together and excited .	The group of athletes all can breathe underwater .
neutral	Five women wearing red shirts are leaning against a red car .	Everything in the photo is red colored .
contradiction	Swimming in the wide blue ocean .	The ocean swims in the blue wideness .
contradiction	A guy in a red jacket is snowboarding in midair .	A guy is in a hot , sunny place
contradiction	A nighttime street scene of a restaurant .	A nighttime scene of an apartment building .
neutral	A group of girls in black and white spotted skirts cross a street .	A group of girls are walking to school .
contradiction	Two women and a little girl are resting with food and drink near a log in a grassy field under flowering trees .	3 men are running
contradiction	A group of people in a room , most with computers , some raising their hands .	The group of people is outside playing basketball .
entailment	A woman in a black outfit lies face first on a yog
neutral	Three firefighter come out of subway station .	Three firefighters putting out a fire inside of a subway station .
